feat(rss): add option to remove the trailing slash (#6453)
withastro/astro: .changeset/popular-rules-divide.md

---
'@astrojs/rss': minor
---

> Added `trailingSlash` option, to control whether the emitted URLs should have the trailing slash.

Reviewer: Do we have a precedent for verb tense on these? I haven't been picky, but I've now seen the equivalent of:
- Added
- Add
- Adds
in recent PRs, and it would be nice if we had a standard! Anyone have any thoughts on this?

(Would also make "slashes" plural to agree with plural URLs)

```suggestion
Added `trailingSlash` option to control whether or not the emitted URLs should have trailing slashes.
```

AND in line 16 below: change to "won't have trailing slashes"

---
'@astrojs/rss': minor
---

Added `trailingSlash` option, to control whether the emitted URLs should have the trailing slash.

> The new option is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I don't think we need this!  :smile:
